hello it's ruby and today i've got
another day in my life to share with you
this is a sunny turned rainy day
and i tried to be productive today so in
the morning when i woke up i woke up to
sunlight and i read the secret history
in bed
i got off and i opened my window
and it was pretty chilly even though it
was very
sunny at this point then i made my bed
[Music]
i got myself a hot lemon which is so
comforting to have in the mornings
and then i went outside with the dogs
[Music]
of course i had to put some crocs on i
always wear crooks in the garden
these ones are my mom's and there is a
little bit of a paint spatter from where
she painted the shed
i just looked up at the sun and
drank my hot lemon and it was very
relaxing and i also did my power poses
[Music]
then i sat down at the table and whilst
i finished my hot lemon i just did some
reading so
i was reading the disappearing girl here
which if i'm honest i didn't really
enjoy
i only gave it one star on goodreads
then i went up to my room and i did some
journaling i've actually started
journaling in the mornings now i always
used to do it before bed but i'm
preferring doing it early in the morning
this beautiful journal was a gift from
my best friend natasha
i tried to write a couple pages in my
journal maybe
four to seven and i always write in
fountain then
then i went and got myself some
breakfast i had loads of frozen banana
and peanut butter
bit of a weird breakfast but it was
delicious
then i went up to my room and i had my
morning stand up with knowledge
collective
which i've said is the organization i'm
working with at the moment
so before my call i just quickly applied
some emails and
then i had our 30-minute morning catch
up
[Music]
after that i went and got myself a
turmeric latte which was
really delicious i just used oat milk
and a turmeric tea bag
[Music]
it was getting really cold at this point
so i decided to close my window
and i also lit a candle i love lighting
candles it
totally changes the mood of your desk
and i particularly like
lighting candlesticks they are extremely
hogwartian
and just so beautifully cosy so after
that
i wrote a letter to my friend millie i'd
received a letter back from her in the
post
so i just wrote out my response here
i took off my glasses because they're
too loose on me
and they keep on sliding off
before it started raining i decided to
go outside
and pick some flowers for my desk
and then i wrote a second letter this
was to my friend ann
um her name is anne without an e on
youtube and instagram and her content is
amazing
[Music]
after that i went on a walk to the
postbox with my mum
and lola and margot i had the two
letters that i wrote today to post
when i got home i unstacked the
dishwasher before having some lunch and
i didn't actually show
my lunch um i can't even remember what i
ate actually
after that i went back up to my desk and
here i was
kind of on one of those research
tangents you know when you
research one thing and then you get
distracted by something else which is
interesting so that's what i was doing
here
and also i did some latin duolingo
because i'm trying to keep up with that
and do that every day
after that i edited my new video
this is the one that went up last my the
50 first lines of my favorite books
[Music]
and i went and got myself a smoothie
bowl as
kind of a second lunch i don't know i
was still hungry from lunch
so i got myself that and i had it before
this video cool so here i was video
chatting some of my internet friends
you might know their channels if you
don't then you definitely should follow
them
i was video chatting and without an e
andrea from diary of andrea
and isabella athena and it was just such
a lovely cool and so lovely to actually
catch up with them
the one danger of having video chats
with people who are huge bookworms is
that you always end up talking about
loads of books and you have to go to
your bookcase and get out all of these
books so i end up
making a huge mess and there are books
everywhere so after the call i tidied up
and i also added the books that everyone
had mentioned
to my goodreads tbr because we always
end up
recommending loads of books to each
other in the evening
my grandparents came round and because
it started raining
they sat inside but we made sure to keep
a two meter distance and also we opened
up the conservatory doors
so that we could keep a fresh airflow
going um i was also wearing a fleece
because
it was so cold at this point and my
cardigan was not keeping me warm
then i got changed into some workout
things because my dad and i were going
to go on a bike ride and rain
it was so so cool i never go cycling in
the rain and now i love it i want to go
cycling in the rain all the time
so i fit on my trainers and i used this
brain jacket of my sisters from when she
did
a charity bike ride a couple years ago
and um
it fit me perfectly so that was great my
my bike was pretty wet but that wasn't
very important
and as i said i really enjoyed it so
there we go that was my
rainy day in my life i hope you enjoyed
watching it in the evening i actually
ended up watching coraline which was
really good fun
and yes i hope that you have a
[Music]
productive
you